    
 Compared  to  earlier  hominids,  which  of  the  following  did  Homo  erectus  have?
a  larger  brain
Eugène  Dubois  was  one  of  the  first  researchers  in  the  nineteenth  century  who  used  the  scientific  method  to  test  the  hypothesis  of  early  human  ancestors  in  Asia  with:
fossil  evidence.
https://util.wwnorton.com/jwplayer?type=video&msrc=/wwnorton.college.protected/coursepacks/phys_anthro/anthro_matters/anthro_matters_ch11_underground_astronauts.mp4&isrc=/wwnorton.college.protected/coursepacks/phys_anthro/anthro_matters/anthro_matters_ch11_underground_astronauts.jpg&csrc=/wwnorton.college.protected/coursepacks/phys_anthro/anthro_matters/anthro_matters_ch11_underground_astronauts.vtt&cp=1

What  is  the  hypothesis  regarding  the  hominin  skeletons  recovered  from  the  cave?
...
An  argument  against  the  validity  of  evolutionary  theory  says  that  there  are  too  few  transitional  forms  representing  the  gap  between  any  two  living  species  that  supposedly  share  a  common  ancestor.  How  do  the  human  evolutionary  record  and  this  criticism  relate?
Almost  every  species  in  the  pre-modern  human  fossil  record  can  be  regarded  as  a  transitional  species  between  a  typical  African  ape  and  modern  humans. 
 Jungle/Blanket  Primary
CA,  2012
All  candidates  on  the  same  ballot
Top  2  to  Nov.  election,  regardless  of  party
Typically  partisan  -  vote  in  Dem  or  GOP  party
Open  -  anyone  votes  in  a  parties  primary
Semi-closed  -  independents  or  people  registered  with  the  party  can  vote
Closed  -  only  for  party  members
Jungle  -  everyone  on  same  ballot
Baker  v.  Carr  (62)
Est.  that  courts  could  act  on  reapportionment  and  redistricting  in  cases  of  malapportionment  or  gerrymandering
Malapportionment  -  districts  drawn  without  equal  number  of  residents  that  gives  some  a  greater  voice
Gray  v.  Sanders  (63)
established  "one  person  one  vote"  (equal  rep.)
Davis  v.  Bandemer
Partisan  Gerrymandering  can  be  challenged  under  equal  protection  clause
Rucho  v.  Common  Clause
claims  of  excessive  partisanship  in  redistricting  are  beyond  capacity  of  federal  courts  to  regulate
1828  Campaign
1  -  Working  for  a  campaign  will  somewhat  ensure  that  workers  will  receive  job  in  candidate's  administration
2  -  Letting  more  people  vote,  not  just  landowners
3  -  Style  over  substance,  entertainment
Campaigns  followed,  created  Dem.  party
Federal  Civil  Service
1  -  Branch  of  governmental  service  where  people  are  employed  by  merit
2  -  Body  of  government  employees  besides  military
This  employed  people  based  on  merit,  not  party  loyalty
Lessened  ability  for  parties  to  compensate  campaign  workers
Pre  Democratic  (1788-1824)
Parties  emerged  over  John  Adams  term
Federalist  -  centralized  gov't
Democratic  Republicans  -  distrust  of  expansion
Electors  chosen  by  state  legislature  not  state  popular  vote
Attempts  to  influence  makeup  of  state  legislatures,  Jefferson  changed  many  states  to  popular  vote
Second  Campaign  (1828-1892)
Jackson  outrage,  style,
1876  disenfranchised  blacks
Third  Campaign  Era  (1896-1948)
Candidates  involved  with  campaigning  themselves
Weakened  power  of  political  machines  and  parties  since  they  could  no  longer  provide  jobs  (civil  service)
Australian  Ballot,  secrecy  of  ballots,  primaries
Fourth  Era  (1952-Present)
Shift  away  from  retail  politics  to  wholesale  (radio  and  television)
More  Primaries
More  data  and  analytics
Liberals  vote  Dem,  Conservatives  vote  GOP
Choose  news  sources
Lee  Atwater
Republican  political  consultant  head  of  RNC
Known  for  aggressive  tactics  like  Southern  Strategy  -  appealing  to  white  voters  racist  towards  black
Reagan  and  HW  Bush
Bipartisan  Campaign  Reform  Act  2002
Prohibited  soft  money  spending  by  national,  state,  and  local  parties
Limited  soft  money  by  outside  groups
Increased  individual  contribution  limits
Soft  Money  -  Money  raised  outside  normal  limits  established  by  campaign  finance  laws
Federal  Election  Commission
Regulatory  agency  that  enforces  laws  regarding  federal  elections
Est.  transparency  with  who  influences  electoral  process
Struggled  to  combat  influence  of  dark  money  -  unknown  financing  by  wealthy  people
Citizens  United  v.  FEC
5-4  Supreme  Court  Ruling  that  corporations  and  outside  groups  can  spend  unlimited  money  on  campaigns  and  elections
Overturned  spending  regulations  that  were  in  place  for  over  100  years,  increased  spending  on  campaigns
McCutcheon  v.  FEC
SCOTUD  said  that  limiting  his  spending  on  Republican  candidates  was  against  the  first  amendmen
Access  Strategy
support  incumbents  of  both  parties  and  use  their  campaign  contributions  to  guarantee  access  and  access  to  press  their  agenda  if  the  incumbents  are  reelected
Replacement  strategy
seeking  to  replace  incumbents  with  new  representatives  who  share  their  goals
1876  Election
Disputed  election  1876  Republicans  won  lead  to  an  arrangement  with  outraged  Democrats  to  remove  federal  troops  from  Louisiana  and  South  Carolina
End  of  Reconstruction  and  the  federal  government  no  longer  ensuring  the  voting  rights  of  Blacks  in  the  South,  Southern  states  disenfranchised  Blacks  through  literacy  tests  and  poll  taxes
Willie  Horton  Ad
George  HW  Bush  campaign  ad  Black  man  who  raped  and  robbed  on  furlough
Was  beneficiary  of  Massachusetts  furlough  program,  and  dog  whistle  politics  to  racism/black  men  rape
Opponent  Dukakis,  was  made  by  Lee  Atwater
Inflation  Reduction  Act
Investment  in  climate  change,  lowers  cost  on  prescription  drugs,  and  raises  taxes  on  corporations,  much  won't  take  effect  till  2025,  doesn't  actually  reduce  inflation
15%  corporate  minimum  tax  rate  with  1bil
Affordable  care  will  max  2000  dollars  deductible 
